Editorial review: Document WebAssembly reference types (#42841)
mdn/content: files/en-us/webassembly/reference/table/fill/index.md

---
title: "fill: Wasm table instruction"
short-title: fill
slug: WebAssembly/Reference/Table/fill
page-type: webassembly-instruction
browser-compat: webassembly.reference-types
spec-urls: https://webassembly.github.io/spec/core/syntax/instructions.html#syntax-instr-table
sidebar: webassemblysidebar
---

> The **`table.fill`** [Table instruction](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly/Reference/Table) sets the function reference stored in a series of table elements to the same reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`table.fill`** [Table instruction](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly/Reference/Table) sets a range of table elements to the same value.
```

Tables can store more than just funcrefs, so it'd be good to make the description here generic.

Author: done

    - `index`
      - : The table's index number, for example `0` for the first table in the wasm script, `1` for the second, etc.

    If the `identifier` is omitted, it will default to `0`.

- `starting_index`
  - : The index of the first element to store the function reference in. This must be an `i32` value, for example `(i32.const 0)`.
- `function_reference`
  - : The function reference to store in the table. This should be a `ref.func`, for example `(ref.func $f1)`.
- `element_span`
  - : The number of elements to store the function reference in.

### Result

No result.

### Opcodes

| Instruction  | Binary opcode                                                                                                  |
| ------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `table.fill` | `𝟶𝚡𝙵𝙲 17:𝚞𝟹𝟸` ([variable-width LEB128](https://webassembly.github.io/spec/core/binary/values.html#binary-int)) |

## Description

`table.fill` is used to fill multiple table elements with the same function reference.

> 

Reviewer: Is this redundant with the description at the very beginning? If we do keep it, I think it'd go well next to the 'syntax' and 'type' sections.

Reviewer: That makes sense, sounds good.

Yes, not all instructions have traps. I'll try to call out any traps when reviewing things.

This information is all in the core wasm spec, but it's spread out in different sections and not easily accessible unless you know the PL formalisms. For traps, they are part of the runtime behavior for an instruction and so you need to go to 'Execution > Instructions' to find it. For example, call_ref will trap if the input is null [1]. There are step-by-step instructions for how execution works, and you'll see 'Trap' clauses there.

[1] https://webassembly.github.io/spec/core/exec/instructions.html#xref-syntax-instructions-syntax-instr-control-mathsf-call-ref-x
